$5 versus $50 handheld fan so this is a
$5 fan and that's actually a very decent
blowing capacity although not close to
blowing out that candle plus it's also
not rechargeable so you'd have to
replace the batteries yourself for $10
you can get something quite a bit
beefier which is also fully rechargeable
and lasts 3 hours per charge Let's Get
It
On well that doesn't seem very powerful
it's got multiple levels wow oh my God
it's actually close but $50 gets you the
G life Pro 1s this video is sponsored
wow oh my God
wait does that mean it's only on 52%
power that means you can set this to 100
different levels of power and see which
one you're on on the LED display 80 90
100 and also fancy aluminium alloy body
it's got fast 18w charging via USBC and
it gets you 15.5 hours per charge they
even have a safety lock on the back all
right let's
go oh no no no no that's gone well that
is just ridiculous